you know what's going on guys is killed
look for the win here bringing you guys
another epic clash of claims of gameplay
commentary this time for what I have you
guys is just a short ride here man i'm
just going to do this one braid in this
video just to keep it kind of segregated
because this is absolutely insane raid i
get over a million in lutz in over 1,500
dark elixir in this raid so basically as
you can tell i started off by dropping
off my troops near the barb king try to
take him out pretty quickly so it's not
too much of a distraction also i noticed
that that would be a good place for his
Tesla's to be cuz the we had his wall
shape right there and knew his head
intestines had to be there so one of the
gates of that to make sure that they
don't do too much damage to my PEC is
later on the battle so once I took those
out and up and drop a couple more
pakka's it a few more wizards and I'm
going to try to get in and take out
these mortars in the middle of the base
here also I'm going good and drop
another raid spell nearby on the top so
I can help get to these other two
Tesla's that way I know that my pack is
will do a lot more work that way so
looks like they're pretty close to
taking out those Tesla's looks like
those wizards got them and now we only
have a few more strong one shot
buildings as you can see there's only
that cannon and that orchard tower that
I really have to worry about from here
the rest of the buildings are just
splash damage actually there's 2 archer
towers but the Wizards aren't gonna the
widget powers aren't going to actually
do that much damage to my pack is their
only good for like safe you have a bunch
of weaker units with less health so the
Wizards actually did manage to take the
one of the wizard towers out by
themselves and so I dropped that raid
spelling them to hurry up and speed up
through the battle I probably didn't
need that rage spell too badly but
whenever I see a very like this i'm
almost like in panic mode and i just
drop all my troops and all my rage
spells and as you can see i did actually
have claimed castle troops here i had to
drag it in there but he had his air
defence pretty well sent arise and you
had a pretty well leveled up so i didn't
really need to drop that probably would
have done too much good and I actually
do manage to three star this guy's base
anyways so we've got the Town Hall left
and it looks like couple buildings he
looks like he's building his first Expo
there so I definitely took full
advantage of him not having a
so in this raid and that looks like we
just got the barracks left and as you
can see looks like I get about 1 million
and about 500,000 or no 1 million like
50,000 so hopefully you guys enjoyed the
raid make sure to subscribe if you're
new and leave a like and a comment if
you are already subscribe and you enjoy
the video thank you so much for watching
and a metal piece